http://universaldependencies.org/conll17/

This package contains the system outputs from the CoNLL 2017 Shared
Task in Multilingual Parsing from Raw Text to Universal
Dependencies. The folder structure is as follows:

- Subfolders of conll17-ud-test-2017-05-09 are names of virtual
machines (i.e. of participating teams, but two teams had secondary
virtual machines).

- Subfolders of a team folder are individual runs, identified by
timestamps when the run started.

- There are two kinds of runs: system runs and evaluator runs. Each
evaluator run relates to a particular system run. The output folder
of a system run contains the parsed test data output by the system
(.conllu files). The output folder of an evaluator run contains
just one file (evaluation.prototext) with scores and status reports
on all expected 81 output files.

- The main run folder contains some additional files with
information about the run, including the STDOUT and STDERR from the
run. For system runs, there is also identification of the
"software" used in the run (each team could register multiple
versions of their parsers as "software"; then they had to identify
one software as their primary submission).

- For the fabml team there are four extra top-level folders. Their
internal structure is similar to the structure described above.
They contain output files that were copied from the fbaml and
fbaml2 virtual machines by TIRA administrators during the system
runs; some of these files were lost after the run ended and the
virtual machine woke up from the sandbox mode; nevertheless, the
files rescued during system run were used in the final evaluation.

- Even for other teams, their official result may have been
combined from output files from multiple incomplete runs.

The scripts file contains the Perl script that was used to collect
the scores and generate the result tables. The script can help in
understanding which runs were included in the official results.
However, the script is not ready to be re-run outside the
organizers' network (some hard-coded paths would have to be
adjusted first).

The results-web-markdown folder contains a copy of the result
tables from the shared task website. The results*.txt files in the
top folder were generated by the abovementioned script from the
runs in this package (only in the conll17-ud-test-2017-05-09
folder, not the extra fbaml runs).

For more information on the shared task, please visit its website:
http://universaldependencies.org/conll17/ or write to Dan Zeman
<zeman@ufal.mff.cuni.cz>
